She is a bookish, she loves to study and
read books.
Do you remember Bite the Ballet?
Bite the Ballet.
Enfrentar una situación difícil con
valentía, okay?
The procedure was painful, but I had to
bite the ballet and do it.
Study buddy, como tu compañero de estudio
con el que siempre estás estudiando, practicando.
My study buddy and I always prepare for
the exams together.
Ditch class, eso es saltarse una clase,
decidir no ir a la clase.
He decided to ditch class and hang out at
the mall instead.
No -brainer, es una tarea, una decisión
que no requiere esfuerzo, que es súper fácil.
The math problem was a no -brainer for
him, he solved it in just seconds.
Cutting corners, es como tomar atajos
para hacer algo mucho más fácil, más rápido.
He is known for cutting corners whenever
there is a deadline.
Buck, se refiere a dólar, okay?
A buck es un dólar.
I gave him a buck for the soda he bought me.
A bummer, es una situación o una
experiencia que no fue nada agradable.
All the day was a bummer, nothing went as planned.
Cash, es el efectivo, okay?
Cash.
I prefer paying cash rather than using a
credit card.
Change, change, en este caso, es el
vuelto o la vuelta, como le dicen algunas personas.
O sea, que tú pagas y lo que te sobra,
eso es el change, el vuelto.
After paying for the coffee, I received
my change and left the shop.